you did this
this whole journey you've taken with
your friends
your purpose was to bring me into your
world
let your heart break you brought me here
rachel
it's heartbreaking isn't it you're a
monster in science
bringer of death
you're still here
[Applause]
[Music]
welcome back
i do want to thank you though for what
for showing me who my family really is
[Music]
titans again on one condition
what is this place home
got a triple venti mocha for rochelle
i'm not the same person
i used to be when i fought my father
i became something something different
[Music]
what's wrong with him
who the hell is that
rose wilson and that's her dad slade was
former delta force commando who
underwent a series of experimental bio
enhancements
deathstroke
[Music]
we should get together to figure this
out what are you doing
starting all this again everything's
changed you made them titans
do they even know what happened last
time get down
the one and only deathstroke [ __ ] me
i thought he was dead but he's alive and
well in san francisco
deathstroke is why we shuttered this
place after all the [ __ ] that went down
i'd have thought you'd have burned this
place to the ground
i didn't come for round two oh so much
for old home week
quick look then we called dick i promise
played wilson's daughter in the other
room but she can't stay here
i can't kick her out slade's tried to
kill her once he'll do it again
you are to come home at once and take
your royal turn
wear the crown they get me what will
they do to me i'm doing it my way
what am i you were the genetic material
of two different people blended together
lex luthor and who else superman i don't
want to say
go don't use your powers don't be a hero
don't sorry more will come for you
legions of them let them come
for what happens you can have me say
goodbye to your friends
[Music]
i don't know how to thank you saved my
life
months you ready to quit yet no retreat
no surrender
nice teamwork you're asking me to choose
between my destiny
and you maybe they're the same thing
how do you give garth a chance i'm not
really into this whole atlantean live
for them
you're gonna need a few days of sleep to
recover you rest
you want that one you're gonna have to
fight me for it i'm dick destro killed
my brother
rumor was he fell in with the wrong
crowd he's jericho
this record is here then my brother was
here your father killed for a living
using the name deathstroke we want you
to join us
i lied i told you that jericho was dead
when i got to the church
he died trying to save me from his
father a lion sack of [ __ ]
he got a kid killed who the [ __ ] hides
that you were there too
he played your part
rachel what's happening sorry doc you
gotta bring subject 13 in i'll need your
team
my pleasure hi hello hi i took advantage
of jericho to get to your husband
i've got nothing but pain for you
grayson you killed him
this isn't about me you still haven't
accepted your kill tonight
you didn't deserve him jericho
i sentence you to live alone forever
knowing that your titans
lives and breathes somewhere you can
never be with them not until you've paid
for your crime
that comes in the night and saves people
he's real tonight he's going to save us
[Music]
the bottom isn't where we go it's us
maybe we should be aboard
we can roll it
[Music]
good
it's okay i'm not here to hurt you just
come home
this is a family of choice
if you can unite you can face any threat
if you won't protect one another who
will bruce wayne
arranged for us all to meet in this
diner in the middle of nowhere to
mansplain us
into putting the titans back together
every time i try to get close to you
rose you push me away
it's me just calling to say this little
game you're playing with the titans
i quit wait
i can't be why not guard needs us more
with all due respect miss graves i don't
answer to you
now you do
inside this hell you jumped into
he gave me a bank account he asked me
for more what the [ __ ] was i thinking
the titans need us
[ __ ] them rose we're slade san francisco
he left this morning
right after he called his daughter he
played me what happened to our friends
connor and guard
they did some kind of brain salad
surgery
[Music]
we control them now phase one dick
what master wayne had us put together
about done yourselves
we at catwas know that he will exist in
the world and we are uniquely positioned
to stop it
we will not sit idly by and that's evil
if they're hurting innocent people we
need to be prepared
new costume but the same old dick
grayson
i told you what would happen if the
titans ever reunited
my son is dead because of you
[Applause]
titans are my family
jericho if you're in there
you know what to do
[Music]
when you died it broke us we're together
again
you were always a part of our family
help has arrived
and gentlemen let the bidding begin
any ideas
technical difficulties miss graves
it appears bidding is closed for the day
now
i don't know what they're doing to you
but you're gonna be okay
you're not alone anymore light
[Music]
it's over this is for lex luthor
oh
and sometimes the cost of defending the
innocent exceeds what we could ever
think to pay
[Music]
i should go with donna
if anybody can help her it's me my
powers are changing
getting stronger and like i think i've
actually been
inside your head like
[Music]
i'll let him
what's left of us without her
things inevitably fall apart
the art of life seems to be in how you
put them back together
hey she died saving my life
nothing i can say can make up for that
while i was away i had a chance to think
about
some of the good that we did too what if
we give it another shot
i don't think so what about hawk and
dove
to donna troy thanks for giving me a
second chance of family
to the titans titans guys
there's cops in the bomb squad
responding to a disturbance in the
mission district
what are you waiting for
hey ladies
[Music]
you